Buttface
Don't you feel bored?
How many days are you out?
I don't care about anything.
I don't want to think about anything.
By the way, you can't use my body
Wear revealing clothes
I can't help but wear clothes
Do you hear me?
I see. I see.
Aqiu
meow
I can finally go out and wave
Cats are happy with their beards
Hey handsome brothers
Sister is here Mu Zhizhi
Ah! What are you doing here?
Is this the place for a poor man like you?
Oh my god, my eyes hurt when I see something dirty.
How dare you scold me?
I see you are not only black-hearted but also stupid
I've scolded you, what else don't you dare to do?
Ah, what's up?
What are you doing here?
Do you know that Sunan is here today?
So you followed?
That pig's hoof is here
I must kill him to avenge my master
I warn you to get away
He hates you so much right now.
So get out of here
Mrs. Chen's position is not your turn to cook
Thieves are so righteous
Mrs. Chen's position, even if it's not my turn to do it
Won't fall on you